feature(docs): Document how functions work in plugins/themes (#33263)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/functions/getting-started.md

}
```

> ## Functions in plugins and themes

Reviewer: A general note: there's inconsistency for how we talk about functions. Gatsby Functions? Serverless functions? Functions or functions (capitalization)?

We should pick one way and be consistent. (I'll open a thread on it in Slack.)

Author: hmm yeah. I thought about it and decided that when talking about functions in general, I'd use lower-case `function` and only use upper case when talking about the feature specifically. Using upper-case all the time feels fussy.

> Plugins and themes can ship functions! This is powerful as it lets you pair frontend code with backend code. E.g. imagine a plugin for an authorization service that includes a login component with a function to connect to the remote API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plugins and themes can ship functions! This is powerful as it lets you pair frontend code with backend code. For example, if you built a plugin for an authorization service that includes a login component, you could use a serverless function to connect to the remote API.
```

### Namespacing

Plugin/theme Functions work exactly the same as normal functions except their routes must be created under the plugin's namespace e.g.: `${PLUGIN_ROOT}/src/api/{pluginName}/my-plugin-function.js`.

> Shadowing work with functions similar to how it does in general. You can shadow a plugin/theme Function by copying the file from its src tree into the site's src tree e.g. copy `node_modules/gatsby-plugin-cool/src/api/gatsby-plugin-cool/function.js` => `src/api/gatsby-plugin-cool/function.js`.

Reviewer: > Shadowing with functions works similarly to how it works in general. 

Can you make this sentence more specific? Mainly the phrase "how it works". How what works? Shadowing? Functions? Namespaces?

Also added some context to the example

```suggestion
Shadowing with functions works similarly to how it works in general. You can shadow a plugin/theme Function by copying the file from the plugin/theme's `src` tree into your site's `src` tree. For example, to shadow the `/do-something` Function from the `gatsby-plugin-cool` plugin, you'd copy `node_modules/gatsby-plugin-cool/src/api/gatsby-plugin-cool/do-something.js` to `src/api/gatsby-plugin-cool/do-something.js`. From there, you can overwrite the implementation of the `/do-something` function as you normally would.
```
